this is stock number J 588 1a 2012 dodge
ram 3500 it's a mega cab short box Julie
Longhorn edition it's white / golden
color with 23,000 miles in the 6.7 liter
Cummins turbo diesel motor very clean
gold front bumper with very large chrome
grille very clean hood area LED
clearance lights and fold out chrome tow
mirrors chrome Longhorn badge wheels the
brand new general ameritech tires chrome
side step bars Longhorn badging there
down the passenger side we have very
clean paint extremely clean chrome
exhaust Longhorn badge Alcoa wheels in
the back as well and brand new general
marriott tires very clean under body and
frame as well just have a weird top
around the back that is tinted it does
lock to protect your belongings Gold
matching painted rear bumper full towing
capabilities reverse camera in the
tailgate the tailgate does lock inside
but very clean looks brand new bed rug
down the driver's side same story very
clean paint inside we have the special
edition Longhorn leather Longhorn
badging there in the center console as
well the black trim power locks power
windows power mirrors power seats turned
out lighting control a multi-function
steering wheel in dash screen for
navigation radio that is serious capable
swallows media heated and cooled seats
and a heated steering wheel turn down
four wheel drive a very nice spacious
center console long run badging their
tutors up above the mirror there in a
very nice sunroof up top go towards the
back now again this is the mega caps
there's plenty of leg room back here you
can see the rear seats do fold down here
to reveal more storage behind them
very clean leather interior very nice
formats rear DVD dual DVD screen
entertainment system headphones on there
heated seats are in the rear as well
odometer reads twenty two thousand four
hundred fifty-five miles go ahead and
start it up
to be starting up their navigation
screen there take a look underneath on
very clean 6.7 liter turbo diesel motor
more pictures of dodge ram 3500 or
another trucker inventory visit
www.lender calm